Your Majesty, what do you mean?
I not only ask you to defeat the Northern Yuan and the Japanese
I want you to take the 300,000 army of Japan
All stay in Liaodong
Why leave the snail?
The cochlear country has sent me Huaxia for a long time
Has been trying to invade and occupy our country
Lang Zi Ambition
demonstrably affectionate
This time I will teach them a bloody lesson
Let them know the offender
Although far away
minister
Dingyang left 300,000
Stay in Liaodong
300,000 snail soldiers leave no blessing
After killing all the grant officers
Implement the order
I want to let Woo
People will remember it forever
The price of committing my Huaxia
obey the decree
The prime minister is old
I work all day long on state affairs
I really can't bear it.
Hey
Therefore, I have decided to establish a cabinet
Department of Criminal Justice
The four official books of the ritual department and the force department are entered into the grid
Assist the Prime Minister in handling state affairs
Your Majesty thinks
It doesn't seem right.
Prime Minister
Why doesn't it feel right?
As the saying goes, there are thousands of Taoists
The Lord is one
This cabinet has added so many members
Who is in charge of this government?